[ChatGPT] Enhance binding (#16858)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.chatgpt/README.md

The advanced parameters `apiUrl` and `modelUrl` can be used, if any other ChatGPT-compatible service is used, e.g. a local installation of [LocalAI](https://github.com/go-skynet/LocalAI).

## Items Configuration

> You will need to tag [ "OpenAI" ] items which you want to control via chatGPT. Item names should look like Location_Type, for example "Kitchen_Light". In label describe item in more detail, if necessary, describe what commands it accepts.

Author: Probably because I did it for myself :) I don't use semantic model at all. No problem, I can do it with semantic model. But I would like to keep this "name method" as an additional option for people who don't use semantic model. About metadata - I found it difficult to get this data. Another registry, parsing, etc. But you are right, storing it in the label was a bad idea. I will fix it.

> You will need to tag [ "OpenAI" ] items which you want to control via chatGPT. Item names should look like Location_Type, for example "Kitchen_Light". In label describe item in more detail, if necessary, describe what commands it accepts.

Reviewer: Fair enough. If you keep the "item name approach" as an advanced configuration parameter, it should be fine.
But what about the "OpenAI" tag? I would vote to remove this as well, because the tags are meant to be used for the semantic model; if you want to tag certain items to be relevant for GPT, this should rely on a certain metadata as well.

| type           | text    | Type of communication. Use 'chat' to keep the context and let it control your OpenHAB devices. | notification | no       | no       |
| temperature     | decimal | A value between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic. | 0.5           | no       | no       |
| topP     | decimal | A value between 0 and 1. An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered. We generally recommend altering this or temperature but not both. | 1.0           | no       | no       |
| systemMessage   | text    | The system message helps set the behavior of the assistant.                                                                                                | N/A           | no       | no       |

> | maxTokens       | decimal | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the completion.                                                                                                | 500           | no       | yes      |

Reviewer 2: Please align table with something liek markdowntable.com

        ]
        Type chat : morningMessage "Morning Message" [
            model="gpt-4o",
            temperature="0.5",
            systemMessage="You are Marvin, a very depressed robot. You wish a good morning and tell the current time."
        ]
        Type chat : chatConversation "Chat" [
            model="gpt-4o",
            temperature="1.5",
            topP="1.0",
            type="chat",
            maxTokens="1000",
            systemMessage="You are the manager of the OpenHAB smart home. You know how to manage devices in a smart home or provide their current status. You can also answer a question not related to devices in the house. Or, for example, you can compose a story upon request.
I will provide information about the smart home; if necessary, you can perform the function; if there is not enough information to perform it, then clarify briefly, without listing all the available devices and parameters for the function. If the question is not related to devices in a smart home, then answer the question briefly, maximum 3 sentences in everyday language.

> The current status of devices is displayed in Available Devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current status of devices is displayed in 'Available devices'.
```

```java
String Weather_Announcement { channel="chatgpt:account:1:chat" }
String Morning_Message      { channel="chatgpt:account:1:morningMessage" }
String Chat_Conversation {channel = "chatgpt:account:1:chatConversation"}

Number Temperature_Forecast_Low
Number Temperature_Forecast_High
Dimmer Kitchen_Dimmer "Kitchen main light" [ "OpenAI" ] { channel=""}
String LivingRoom_AC_Mode "Thermostat mode in the living room, accepted modes: OFF, HEAT, AUTO, COOL, FAN, DRY" [ "OpenAI" ] { channel=""}

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```

> ### UI Configuration

Author: 👌
